readme.md, before:

# Professor - General Culture Quiz

**Welcome to Professor - Question Bank!**

Join an exciting trivia journey and experience the interactive quiz on Professor. Professor offers an interactive quiz platform where learning meets fun. Whether you're a knowledge enthusiast or looking to test your general knowledge, Professor is tailored just for you.

🔒 **Secure Entry:**
Start your adventure by entering your name and email into the secure entry form. Your information is securely stored for a personalized experience.

🏆 **Earn Points:**
Answer questions correctly to earn points and track your progress. Compete against yourself or challenge your friends to see who can achieve the highest score.

🌐 **Share Your Success:**
Showcase your scores on social media to share your achievements. Invite your friends to surpass your score and join the Professor community.

🚀 Experience the Randomized Challenge:
Professor ensures a fresh and exciting experience every time you play. The app's intelligent randomization feature selects questions dynamically, keeping the game dynamic and enjoyable.


You can acess live application here: [Professor](https://mdurmus.github.io/professor)

<img src='assets/docs/readme_files/mobileResult.webp' alt="Mobile devices view">

## Site Owner Goals:

- **Increase User Engagement:**
  - Encourage regular participation in quizzes.
  - Ensure users spend more time within the application.

- **Foster Community Interaction:**
  - Build a sense of community among users.
  - Strengthen the user base through increased interaction.

- **Expand User Base:**
  - Broaden visibility to reach a wider audience.
  - Implement marketing and promotional activities.
  - Establish a presence on various platforms.

- **Merge Education and Entertainment:**
  - Create an environment where users can learn while having fun.

These goals collectively aim to enhance the overall user experience and contribute to the long-term success of the Professor application.



**How to Play:**
- Log in with your name and email.
- Explore various question categories.
- Answer each question within the allotted time.
- Earn points and climb the leaderboard.

Get ready to explore the world of knowledge in a fun and interactive way. Start your trivia journey with Professor - Question Bank now!


Favicons generated from https://realfavicongenerator.net/

css variable function from w3school : https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_variables.asp

session storage document : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

Questions created by ChatGPT.

Kullanici bilgisini json'a cevirip alamadim. bundan dolayi bilgileri session'a nesne olarak degil key value olarak ekledim.
kaynak: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

Commit message:

docs: added first time users section

readme.md, after:

# Professor - General Culture Quiz

**Welcome to Professor - Question Bank!**

Join an exciting trivia journey and experience the interactive quiz on Professor. Professor offers an interactive quiz platform where learning meets fun. Whether you're a knowledge enthusiast or looking to test your general knowledge, Professor is tailored just for you.

🔒 **Secure Entry:**
Start your adventure by entering your name and email into the secure entry form. Your information is securely stored for a personalized experience.

🏆 **Earn Points:**
Answer questions correctly to earn points and track your progress. Compete against yourself or challenge your friends to see who can achieve the highest score.

🌐 **Share Your Success:**
Showcase your scores on social media to share your achievements. Invite your friends to surpass your score and join the Professor community.

🚀 Experience the Randomized Challenge:
Professor ensures a fresh and exciting experience every time you play. The app's intelligent randomization feature selects questions dynamically, keeping the game dynamic and enjoyable.


You can acess live application here: [Professor](https://mdurmus.github.io/professor)

<img src='assets/docs/readme_files/mobileResult.webp' alt="Mobile devices view">

## Site Owner Goals:

- **Increase User Engagement:**
  - Encourage regular participation in quizzes.
  - Ensure users spend more time within the application.

- **Foster Community Interaction:**
  - Build a sense of community among users.
  - Strengthen the user base through increased interaction.

- **Expand User Base:**
  - Broaden visibility to reach a wider audience.
  - Implement marketing and promotional activities.
  - Establish a presence on various platforms.

- **Merge Education and Entertainment:**
  - Create an environment where users can learn while having fun.

## User Stories

### First time users

- Secure Login:
   Professor ensures your safety with a secure login feature. With the assurance that your personal information is protected, you can focus on exploring the app.

- General Knowledge Enhancement:
   Explore carefully selected questions in different categories to enhance your general knowledge. Engage with questions from history, science, art, and more.

- Correct and Incorrect Answers:
   Learn correct answers with each question and receive valuable hints for incorrect answers, allowing you to track your progress.

- Time Management:
   Only 30 seconds per question! Race against time, push your limits, and enhance your quick-thinking skills.

- Point Sharing:
   Share your earned points with pride! Professor provides an opportunity to compete with friends on social platforms and share your achievements.


**How to Play:**
- Log in with your name and email.
- Explore various question categories.
- Answer each question within the allotted time.
- Earn points and climb the leaderboard.

Get ready to explore the world of knowledge in a fun and interactive way. Start your trivia journey with Professor - Question Bank now!


Favicons generated from https://realfavicongenerator.net/

css variable function from w3school : https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_variables.asp

session storage document : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

Questions created by ChatGPT.

Kullanici bilgisini json'a cevirip alamadim. bundan dolayi bilgileri session'a nesne olarak degil key value olarak ekledim.
kaynak: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage
